Reworded question 4. (#35)
carpentries/trainer-training: _episodes/02_week2_discussion_questions.md

3\. Examine Figure 2.2 (p.50 of the print edition). How do these diagrams relate to knowledge or learner mental models that 
you are familiar with? Which do you think best represents a learner who has just taken a Carpentries technical workshop? 

> 4\. Take a look at the strategies for ways instructors can assess and enhance their own knowledge organization at the end of Chapter 2 (p. 59-65). Choose one strategy and think about how an instructor could apply it when preparing to teach. On a cale from 1-10, how challenging do you think it would be for a new instructor to use?  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4\. Take a look at the strategies for ways Instructors can assess and enhance their own knowledge organization at the end of Chapter 2 (p. 59-65). Choose one strategy and think about how an instructor could apply it when preparing to teach a Carpentries workshop. On a scale from 1-10, how challenging do you think it would be for a new Instructor to use?  
```
